UVAHawk
=======

UVAHawk is a tool to assist the University of Akron's Association for Computing Machinery (ACMUA) chapter, specifically for SIGCOMP Programming Competition practices.
It scrapes the UVA Online Judge system's user history for members of ACMUA SIGCOMP, and reports on their progress on the problems assigned for the next friday.

UVAHawk is configured through a folder aptly named "config" as a sibling of the main executable script.  Here's an example structure.

    uvahawk.py
    config/
        user_map.csv
        problems/
        	2013-02-08.csv
        	2013-02-15.csv

Once everything is configured, there are two main files to familiarize yourself with, uva_refresh.py and uva_server.py.  They're found in the root folder.

If you run uva_refresh.py, it'll re-generate the html page and update the problem completion data.  

uva_server.py [port=8000], on the other hand, starts an http server, defaulting on port 8000.  It serves files in the output directory.  The index.html page
generated by uva_refresh.py will auto refresh notifying how long it's been since the last data refresh.  It will periodically check to see if the data's been refreshed,
and if it has, it'll reload automatically.

user_map.csv
============
user_map.csv is a file containing the details of each person to report on.  Here's an example.

	name,uanetid,urlid
	John Doe,foo12,130000
	Some Guy,wtf42,123210

Name is the person's real name, uanetid is your akron 3 character number id, and urlid is the id in the url of the person's profile.

The header line should be included, and unchanged.  This may be altered in the future.

Problem Files
=============
Each of the problems files should be named as an iso date of the friday the problems are to be gone over.  The format is as follows.

	name,urlid,displayid
	Ecological Bin Packing,38,102
	Tex Quotes,208,272
	Jolly Jumpers,979,10038
	Primary Arithmetic,976,10035
	Parenthesis Balance,614,673
	Knight Moves,380,439

Name is the name of the problem to display on the webpage, urlid is the id of the problem on UVA Online, and displayid is displayed on the problem page.
For some reason displayid is different than urlid, but is included because sometimes they're referenced using this.



Again, keep the header for now.

TODO
====
Say where the id's come from